Have you voted for him, are you having a game?
of the genre and best RPG developed in
south korea by team and band online
initially distributed the country of
origin has not been rapidly
popular and other countries like japan china
taiwan island where we did not have
land which is the Pakistan that start
that the initial idea for what your
son was born with the intention of creating the
game had a great deal of energy and
same time without losing the focus on
reality
in addition most games
published so far were bikes
call so little movement and so
focused on the need for a business
of these crisis paradigms has a game
called track and yes at the time the game
ragnarok online rpg most popular no
Brazil but game that had everything in the
sky competitors hey life
national register beyond the dynamics and
in-game action that made it possible to
faster actions of the characters and
also the monsters the command of the player
the wide variety of characters
available to be chosen by
players made you like him
was one of the biggest online 3d games
Sunday
the price reached in Brazil and not Mass
published by the house in games the box
managed the game well until the year 2008
from the company began to relax
care online game support not
played as well as today and the game was
attacked by various hackers
I understand that they are still from the server
during the whole week and if not
only the racks found a failure in the
chip that was the team of the game quickly
begin to explore various problems ag
the players that I am nothing're povão
lazy began to use the
programs for the country in a manner well
faster
but in this case to fall at the end
comparable to that in which the game was withdrawn
had over 20,000 accounts banned
but what happened to it in Brazil to
his idea with the launching of a name
I'm being, I 'm sick.
but a bit more like the blitz
had a new money system
quite different from you regret
I remembered a lot of shooting games in
third person
the game and also tried people who speaks
and three of his grandchildren then even more
here is public fund going on said
club at the end of 2008 the company raised
bankruptcy of a split are crazy about
he has the son who does not have in Brazil
esmoriz percent in the two periods but
already spread over the internet and many
players said they trust this type of
Brazilian content and not spend the
play with 72 but in the end everything happened
as well as company crashed game gave a car
new video games since complicating the aha
2009 and was responsible for the albums on
Brazil and the price had two what
happened then the game did not do both
success as Ireland had foreseen.
because the company's assistance in trying to
make the game more realistic has just
somehow spoiling on the 3rd of
February 2013 the company decreed
bankruptcy on 25 March the game was
off permanent mit form arrives
talk about it, okay?
let's talk about the game then the game exists
two tribes wheels pistons
the city of mureaux was in the north of
mainland and was better known as
pillar and why to redeem assets are
marked by their religiosity
by having its magical power highly
destructive activity has four classes
the knight to make uses a bago and
atalanta the city speech is in the south
it's called that carter
the money of this team is characterized
as great fighters ages strong and
talented player also has
four classes that are paic
the archer is the mechanic and a fighter
the city of khar has much more advanced
than pillai is the best city for
commerce making the city more
due to the large amount of
local conditional clicks to create a
music that he did not even have to
middle and turns into a hell and not
can we forget the castle bless where
many players
I even spent hours and hours
doing the most fun in a
rpg kill the castle ps was where
pt happened
he had this name because there is a
castle which every Sunday schools of the
game got together to try to destroy
your defenses
the winner was the start all week
with a crown that the professional was
attack in the course of this dispute
many fights between clans happen
making fine tuning more
interesting
every time you entered the castle
so someone from the club paulo para
try to kill yourself
picture is there
but it's not just a white castle that
clan disputes there was no bellatin
called by many lucky sodium is a
acronym of survivor is that in Portuguese
means survive or die, my latina is
the place where those who have resulted in fame
and wealth
there were several monsters motif
powerful in that they appeared
around several rounds
only'm stronger survives
to win only at night and make a
high score much higher than the
that the rivals and also winner of
create a crown that will make the
leader of the clan could redeem a
percentage of gold purchased where or
whether someone tries to dispute reports and
failed uru used to enter the
dispute and directly to the clan to
leadership
The difference between brest and sodium is that
winner stayed with crown only
while the population was larger
that is, he runs the risk of losing
crown any time because if someone
scored higher is treated
by a place of the clan in the leadership
that's it, we can not forget the
Good things, it's not a father, that's a lot.
people were fun for the incidents
one to one or perhaps the most important
goal of the game so that you stay
stronger
before the greater goal the supreme glory
it was level 100 that was very
difficult when you reach this level
You do a mission that you were
various bugs as reward won
last takes the five also at the time was
very strong but in the course of time the
game was a link with new weapons were
launched and the difficulty to climb
level is no longer so large that the
old goal has no more
as much value as the game had the director
of items in the year divided the Indians who
are adaptations made in the waters to
improve your attack power
so it 's a game that does not have several
changes
changes for better or for worse there
It's at your discretion, it 's so good.
the video is staying here if you
liked the video does not let you evaluate
add to your favorites
if you think something is missing
said the comment about you
want to see more videos as and subscribe
is in the channel